Copyright (c) 2003, 2008 the ACX100 driver project.

The contents of this archive are subject to the GPL version 2. See the LICENSE
file for details.

[note: the original README file said that this file was licensed under the MPL,
but allowed for removal of the MPL clause, so I did -- fg]

Word of caution
---------------

This driver is unfortunately NOT a cleanroom design. The original authors (two
are mentioned below, they were five total) reverse engineered the firmware by
themselves AND wrote the code. A cleanroom design requires that the two tasks be
done by different groups.

The maintainer of this tree is ready to start from scratch. He's no RE person
however. If you want to help, contact fgaliegue@gmail.com.

A little history
----------------

* driver originally written Andreas Mohr and Denis Vlasenko; 
* initial mac80211 support by Jeff Williams;
* modifications by other individuals (FIXME, I don't know their names).

The maintainer of this particular tree is Francis Galiegue.

Status
------

This driver is VERY experimental. It is known to kind of work on UP machines.
SMP support is flaky/nonexistent. Use at your OWN RISK.

You MUST use a kernel >= 2.6.25 and the mac80211 stack. Note that
compat-wireless support is not there yet, this driver is for now only worked on
with stable kernel trees. What's more, the mac80211 stack evolves quickly.

The driver is known to compile. The USB version is UNTESTED. The VLYNQ version
(used in some NetGear APs with OpenWRT firmware) kind of works. Many problems
remain.

Firmware
--------

This driver needs additional firmware: see
http://acx100.sourceforge.net/wiki/Firmware for links to existing images.

Build instructions
------------------

The bundled Makefile (thanks to David Planella, david.planella@googlemail.com)
allows for in-kernel tree of out-of-kernel tree compile.

The maintainer has only tested out-of-kernel tree compile however. This is easy
enough:

make

HOWEVER, this Makefile doesn't seem to work with OpenWRT :(

As root, modprobe mac80211 (unless you have built it into the kernel itself) and
insmos acx-mac80211.ko.

USB snooping
------------

If you are an USB driver developer and need to see USB traffic,
http://benoit.papillault.free.fr/usbsnoop/ may be useful.

Another very good way to snoop the USB frames is under Linux if your
driver happens to run under ndiswrapper (which is often the case),
either by savage printk's, or by using the USB snooping facilities from
Pete Zaitcev.

