AP		Access Point
BSS		Basic Service Sets
			The name for a number of wireless clients
			and an access point that are
			communicating with each other (by sending
			packets to the AP!) in the same group.
			Also called "Managed mode" or "Infrastructure
			mode".
			IBSS means Independent BSS: peer-to-peer mode
			with every client sending to each other, no AP used.
			Also called "Ad-hoc mode".
BSSID		BSS Identifier
			The BSSID is a 48bit identity used to identify a
			particular BSS (Basic Service Set) within an
			area. In Infrastructure BSS networks, the BSSID
			is the MAC (Medium Access Control) address of
			the AP (Access Point) and in Independent BSS or
			ad hoc networks, the BSSID is generated
			randomly.
CSMA/CD		Carrier Sense Media Access/Collision Detection
			Media access mechanism used by 802.3 wired ethernet
CSMA/CA		Carrier Sense Media Access/Collision Avoidance
			Media access mechanism used by 802.11 wireless ethernet
CCA		Clear Channel Assessment
			CCA makes sure that the channel you intend to send
			on is clear (no signal before transmission).
CTS
		The Access Point, upon receiving an RTS, transmits a
		CTS (Clear To Send) signal that is "heard" by all the
		stations that communicate with it.
DSSS		Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum
			Current wireless cards send on several closely
			aligned 2.4GHz channels at the same time.
DTIM		Delivery Traffic Indication Message
			Tells clients about the next window to listen to
			broadcast/multicast messages. When a client
			receives a DTIM, it wakes up to receive these
			messages.
ED		Energy Detect
			Threshold to find out whether a channel is
			carrying energy (the channel is "busy") or not
			(see also CCA).
ESSID
		Extended Service Set ID
			The ESSID is the name of the network you want to
			access.  It is used to identify different
			wireless networks.
			ESSID is just an extended SSID allowing for more
			features.
FHSS		Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum
			Outdated - in contrast to DSSS, FHSS hops from
			2.4GHz channel to 2.4GHz channel during
			operation.
IBSS		-> BSS
ICV		Integrity Check Value
			aka CRC
MAC		Media Access Control
			The MAC Address (6 Bytes) is a globally unique
			number to tell apart different stations taking
			part in communication.
MIB		Managed Information Base
			A virtual information store to contain Managed
			Objects, which offer various network relevant
			data to other network clients.
MLME		MAC Layer Management Entity
MPDU		MAC PDU
PDU		Protocol Data Unit
RTS		Request To Send
			When a station wants to transmit, it first sends
			a RTS (Request To Send) packet to the Access
			Point with information including how long it
			wants to transmit.
SSID		Service Set Identifier
			A 32-character unique identifier attached to the
			header of packets sent over a WLAN that acts as
			a password when a mobile device tries to connect
			to the BSS. The SSID differentiates one WLAN
			from another, so all access points and all
			devices attempting to connect to a specific WLAN
			must use the same SSID.  A device will not be
			permitted to join the BSS unless it can provide
			the unique SSID. Because an SSID can be sniffed
			in plain text from a packet it does not supply
			any security to the network
TIM		Traffic Indication Map
WEP		Wired Equivalent Privacy
